DOCS-421: base models v2 (#968)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/base/fake.md

---
title: "Configure a Fake Base"
linkTitle: "fake"
weight: 50
type: "docs"
description: "Configure a fake base to use for testing without physical hardware."
tags: ["base", "components"]
# SMEs: Steve B
---

> Configure a `fake` base to test implementing a base component on your robot without any physical hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `fake` base model to test implementing a base component on your robot without any physical hardware.
```
Just so you don't repeat "Configure a `fake` base" in two consecutive sentences

Author: This matches the arm page! Helpful feedback but I am fine with not making the change and keeping the pages somewhat robotic but straightforward for the moment

Reviewer: Though we are a robotics company :p, I'd advocate for changing the wording both here and on the arm page. It just looks like a copy paste error to me if that makes sense.

Configure a `fake` base as follows:

{{< tabs name="Configure a Fake Base" >}}
{{% tab name="JSON Template" %}}

```json-viam {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
    "name": <"base_name">,
    "type": "base",
    "model": "fake",
    "attributes": {}
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> 

Reviewer: I'd say add a quick screenshot of config builder for consistency and so that there isn't a tab set of one single tab

Author: ok, done!
